 Excellent communication skills with the ability to communicate with all levels of management.
 Ability to build rapport and relationships.
 A record of successful delivery of software applications as an individual
 Problem solver and solution-seeking approach
 Knowledgeable – possessing the technical knowledge, market knowledge, and other specialized knowledge of the team’s problem domain.
 Hands on experience in building complex and highly scalable and performing systems.
 Solid understanding and hands-on experience in Java, J2EE, Spring, Spring Security, Spring Boot, RESTful web services
 Solid understanding and experience integrating web services.
 Exposure to building cloud ready applications (microservices)
 Exposure to Test Driven Development, Continuous Delivery, and Integration
 Must be high-energy, detail-oriented, proactive and can function under pressure in an independent environment.
 Must provide the necessary skills to have a high degree of initiative and self-motivation to drive results.
 Possesses strong communication skills -- both verbal and written – and strong relationship, collaborative skills, and organizational skills.
 Willingness and ability to learn and take on challenging opportunities and to work as a member of matrix based diverse and geographically distributed project team.
 Bachelor’s in computer degree (BE/BTech)
 7-10 years of work experience




Essential Skills

Java 8, Spring, REST APIs, Junit
Basic knowledge of Oracle/SQL/ PL SQL, Linux, Shell Script, JMS, MQ
Jira, Confluence, Git, Maven, Teamcity/Jenkins, Artifactory
Experience working in an Agile/DevOps environment
Strong analytical and debugging skills
Proficient communication skills (written/verbal)


Desired Skills

Kafka, Public cloud (aws/google/azure), Docker, Kubernetes, Openshift
TDD, BDD
Experience in Investment Banking/Financial domain



citi bank
Should be hands-on with technology stack of Java/J2EE, microservices, database, Python (advantage).
Work closely with the tech developers, do peer code PR reviews and deliver projects with quality and timeline intact.
This role is in the BFSI domain of Risk Technology, specifically focusing on Stress Testing data analytics area.
Manage multiple teams of professionals to accomplish established goals and conduct 
Conduct tasks related to feasibility studies, time and cost estimates, IT planning, risk technology, applications development, model development, and establish and implement new or revised applications systems and programs to meet specific business needs or user areas
Monitor and control all phases of development process and analysis, design, construction, testing, and implementation as well as provide user and operational support on applications to business users
Utilize in-depth specialty knowledge of applications development to analyze complex problems/issues, provide evaluation of business process, system process, and industry standards, and make evaluative judgement
Recommend and develop security measures in post implementation analysis of business usage to ensure successful system design and functionality
Consult with users/clients and other technology groups on issues, recommend advanced programming solutions, and install and assist customer exposure systems
Ensure essential procedures are followed and help define operating standards and processes
Serve as advisor or coach to new or lower level analysts
Has the ability to operate with a limited level of direct supervision. 
Can exercise independence of judgement and autonomy. 
Acts as SME to senior stakeholders and /or other team members.
Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency.







persistent system 
What you’ll do



Lead cross-functional technical teams in the design, development and delivery of quality software applications
Write complex, clean and maintainable code to develop scalable user-friendly Front-end applications, services and API
Design and architect frontend or full-stack solutions
Develop reusable UI components that can serve the needs of multiple applications
Drive proof of concepts to validate solution options
Ensure the maintainability and quality of code
Hands-on management of a team/teams of developers
 
What you’ll do



Minimum 8 – 12 years of experience in Core Java and spring boot
Ability to understand the domain to become a subject matter expert
Proven track record in solution design
Good experience working with large data sets with hands-on technology skills to design and build robust data processing engine using industry standard frameworks
Hands-on configuration management, monitoring, performance tuning of database operations
Open and quick to learn new technologies and tools
Knowledge of Data science & cloud platforms would be a bonus
Excellent problem solving, hands-on engineering skills and communication skills
Engineering degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field


Tietoevry

u may apply to Tietoevry by selecting Apply and fill your application details to the form. You may also Apply by using LinkedIn and populate details to your application from your LinkedIn profile.

A core team member to achieve long-term knowledge in TietoEvry Integration platform (TEIS) architecture, functionality and use.

A person that has experience in projects that involves server, client and web services in an integration environment.

4 to 6 years of working experience as a Java developer.  Excellent analytical and programming skills, display an ability to deal with complexity.

We expect you to have:

 Over 4 to 6 years of in-depth Java EE development experience with hands-on proficiency in Java 11, JPA, Hibernate,RDBMS and Webservices.
 Design, develop, and manage APIs using JAX-RS / Spring Boot
 Object Oriented analysis and design using common design patterns
 Experience in designing and developing enterprise applications using Java EE platforms
 Demonstrated utilization of Git, Maven, and adaptness in fundamental Linux commands.
 Desirable hands-on experience with Messaging Technologies such as JMS or any analogous Messaging Queue.
 Strong problem-solving and analytical skills.
 Ability to work independently, Self-Driven and ambitious.
 Experience on product development.
 Good communication skills and a team player




Barclays 
 In-depth knowledge and extensive experience of Core Java and J2EE design and development work on large-scale banking applications.
 Strong webservice development experience using REST
 Strong understanding of OO Designing and Programming Techniques and associated concepts, Data Modelling, Design Patterns
 In-depth knowledge and extensive experience of Spring, Javascript, JDBC and SQL (preferably Oracle)
 Expertise in UI development with a focus on Angular/React JS.
 Knowledge of modern frontend technologies, including JavaScript (ES6+), HTML5, and CSS3.
 Good working knowledge and hands-on experience of JBoss and Hibernate
 Good logical reasoning, problem solving and performance tuning Skills.
 Good communication skills
 Knowledge of Linux or other UNIX-based systems
 Good working knowledge and hands-on experience of workflow application and business rules engine.
 Exposure to and familiarity of AWS (Amazon Web Services)
 Cybersecurity and cryptography knowledge
 Proficient in CI/CD pipelines and related tools.
 Oracle/ NoSQL Database experience







Globant

Skill Combo - 1 (Pune or Hyderabad)

Java 8/11 
Spring Boot 
Microservices 
Angular / React 


Skill Combo - 2 (Pune, Hyderabad, Indore & Ahmedabad location)

Java 8/11 
Spring Boot and Microservices architectural patterns 
Kafka , Event Driven development 
Docker (6-8 months) is mandatory along with Kubernetes and NoSQL database 
Kubernetes, Docker 






MBC Software 
Primary Roles And Responsibilities

A candidate should have good knowledge on Java, REST, Spring boot, Micro service, Junit, knowledge of Grafana analytical and visualization tool is added advantage. 
A candidate should have an understanding of cloud technology. 
A team member who is passionate about quality and demonstrate creativity and innovation in enhancing the product, with excellent problem solving, debugging, analytical and communication skills. 
Ability to quickly learn new languages and technologies as required for a successful project delivery 
Operate in an agile scrum style with a mindset toward creating workable interim deliverables that can be demonstrated to clients and product managers 
A candidate should have an understanding of Docker container technology. 

To ensure you’re set up for success, you will bring the following skillset & experience: 

 Proven track record of technical leadership in leading a team to deliver on time and on quality
 Over all 8+ years of enterprise software product development experience
 7+ years of Java development experience
 Knowledge of Reporting technologies, Go-lang
 Core & Advanced Java (Threading, Design Patterns, Data Structures) J2EE, REST web services, Sprint framework
 Understanding of data structures, data modeling and software architecture
 Experience with GIT repository and JIRA tools
 Experience with test driven software development










 